Advanced Full Stack Assignment:
AI-Driven Software Engineering
This assignment evaluates your ability to leverage Generative AI as a "Force Multiplier." We
aren't just looking for someone who can write code; we are looking for an engineer who can
build the foundation layer that enables AI to generate a production-grade application that
should be maintained by various teams.
The Objective
You must develop a comprehensive "AI Blueprint" (consisting of system design definitions for AI
driven development, and an initial prompt) that, when executed, generates a fully functional,
high-quality eCommerce platform.
Core Technology Stack
● Frontend: React.js (with beautiful, modern UI/UX)
● Backend: Node.js (Express)
● Database: MySQL
● Design: Any modern styling library is allowed (Tailwind CSS, Framer Motion, etc.), but it
must be visually "premium."
Required eCommerce Features
● Authentication: Full Login/Sign-up flow with JWT or Session management.
● Product Catalog: Search, filter, and detailed product views.
● Cart & Checkout: Persistent cart and a multi-step checkout process.
● Account Section: Order history and profile management.
Deployment & Runtime Requirement
The entire project — frontend, backend, and MySQL database - must run with a single
command:
docker compose up
No manual steps (installing dependencies, running migrations, seeding data, or configuring
environment variables beyond a provided .env.example) should be required between cloning the
repository and accessing a fully working application in the browser.
The AI Orchestration Requirements
Your task is to submit the "Engine" you built to create this site. You must define:
1. Engineering Guidelines & Constraints
Define the conventions the AI should consistently follow across the project. This includes
decisions such as language preferences (e.g., TypeScript), architectural patterns, folder
structure, naming conventions, error handling strategies, and coding standards.
2. Capability Definitions
Describe the functional building blocks and domains the AI can leverage while generating
the application. This may include reusable modules, integration patterns, authentication
strategies, data access layers, and UI composition approaches.
3. initial.md (Bootstrap Prompt)
The primary instruction set that initiates the project generation. This should establish the
architecture, define the stack, and guide the AI through building the core features of the
system end-to-end.
Submission Structure
Your Git repository must be organized as follows:
Component Requirement
1. Resulted Code The final, working codebase in its completed
state.
2. AI Boilerplate The initial.md file and all AI guideline files
used to generate the project.
3. README.md Documentation of manual interventions.
Specify exactly what you had to fix by hand
and why the AI failed to handle it.
4. AI interactions Documentation Documentation of all the Prompts, queries (
also search queries in google, chatgpt
questions ... ), planning and architecture
inquiries you used for this projects.
Also document the Models you used in
which step and why you used those model.
Write all the plugins and tools you used
Evaluation Criteria
● Prompt Engineering Rigor: How "zero-touch" is your generation process?
● Architectural Integrity: Does the AI-generated code follow best practices?
● Critical Thinking: Your ability to identify the "AI-Gap" (where human intervention is more
efficient than prompt tuning).
● Design Aesthetic: The visual quality of the resulting React frontend.
Show us how you lead the machine, rather than just how you follow it. Good luck!